Re-arrange faceting documentation and cleanup examples (#383)
meilisearch/documentation: guides/advanced_guides/faceted_search.md

They can filter on facets to narrow down their results based on criteria with the `facetFilters` attribute.

#### Usage

> `facetFilters` is a query parameter added on search request. It excepts a string or an array of string containing the facetFilter information. Each string is composed of a `facetName` a colon and a `facetValue`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`facetFilters` is a query parameter added on search request. It expects a string or an array of strings containing the facetFilter information. Each string is composed of a `facetName`, a colon, and a `facetValue`.
```

To get the facets distribution, you have to specify a list of facets for which to retrieve the count of matching documents using the `facetsDistribution` attribute.

#### Usage

> `facetsDistribution` is a query parameter added on a search request. It expects an array of string. Each string is an attribute present in the `attributesForFiltering` list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`facetsDistribution` is a query parameter added on a search request. It expects an array of strings. Each string is an attribute present in the `attributesForFiltering` list.
```
